hey what's going on I'm syv Perez I'm
the founder of AD conversion we teach
B2B marketers how to scale paid ads with
free B2B advertising courses taught by
the world's best practitioners and in
this quick tutorial I want to show you
the top five Twitter ads retargeting
segments that you can leverage that
we've had the most success with so
without further Ado let's get into it
now this article that I'm reviewing is
part of a a huge blueprint that we
created on how to build a multi- channel
B2B retargeting strategy and you can
check it out in the description box down
below and then we have a lot of videos
in this playlist that are covering on
how to actually execute a multi channel
strategy so I definitely recommend that
you check that out as well but anywh who
let's go through it so we've got five
key retargeting segments by no mean is
this an exhaustive list you can come up
with other Creative Solutions on on ways
to retarget on Twitter or I should say x
because they change the name it's got to
be something to get used to everyone's
changing their name right we got meta
Facebook changed to meta now we've got
Twitter who's X it's all over the place
but anyways here are the top five we've
got all website visitors the the big
thing I want to call out here is you
can't segment by time frame
unfortunately with audiences on Twitter
you can do that on other platforms and
we recommend segmenting your retargeting
audiences by cohort of time so like 3091
180 but for Twitter or X it's just not
the case right now so it's got to be all
time so anyone that visited your website
any video viewers so you can actually
retarget video viewers it's a little bit
hard to find so I'll show you in a
second how to do it but uh you're going
to want to make sure you're retargeting
video viewers you can build an insane
retargeting audience based on video
viewers which is really cool you're
going to want to retarget anyone that
has seen your tweets so one of the
really cool things about Twitter ads is
you have the ability to retarget based
on
impression not click impression which is
insane because most platforms don't
allow you to build a retargeting
audience just based on impression being
served there has to be some sort of
engagement right they they clicked on
your ad they watched your video they
went to your Facebook page Etc that's
really cool and I'll show you how that
looks in a second anyone that's
following your Twitter profile or your
ex profile that's another great one and
then lastly anyone that has visited your
high inent pages so that could be
something like anyone that's visited
your pricing page your demo page your
trial page maybe even your case study
page if you have a lot of confidence in
it but essentially you're trying to get
these people back to complete the thing
that they were thinking about doing in
the first place so if somebody went to
my trial page I'll create a campaign
trying to retarget those individuals and
then I'll show them ads trying to
convince them to give us a shot and
actually sign up for the free trial and
finish it you can almost think of it as
e-commerce with abandoned cart so let's
hop into the the Twitter ads manager
here and show you what it looks like
building these audience segments so
you're going to navigate here to tools
audiences and then you click create an
audience and you're going to see all of
these different available options so for
the focus of this video we're going to
do web activity to start and I'm going
to click next here and I'm going to give
this audience a name so I always name my
retargeting audiences with remarketing
first and then I'll name the segment and
then the time frame so in this case cuz
I can't segment by time print but
usually I'll do 30 or 90 or 180 I'll
just leave it blank because it's all
time and then that's it I would do it
based on anyone that visited my site
I'll confirm this create the audience
and that's it we've got our all visit it
audience all website visitors I would
repeat this process for each one so
instead of uh all website visitors maybe
I want to do anyone that visited my high
intent Pages then I can do a condition
of people who visited specific Pages
containing let's say pricing as an
example I can create that or anyone that
went to My Demo page Etc just going back
to this that'll cover your visitor
audiences so the all website visitors
and then the the bouncer audience as far
as people who saw your tweets or
followed your profile or watched your
video if you come here into Twitter
you're going to notice that's not very
obvious on how to create you don't see
anything here around videos you don't
see anything here around followers so
the way you do it it's a little bit
buried is you're going to have to create
a campaign I always create a campaign
with the advanced option so you have all
of the the options available to you but
essentially you're going to create the
campaign you're going to choose the
objective and then in the ad group when
you're actually choosing your targeting
just scroll all the way down and past
audiences this is where you can add your
custom audiences scroll down a little
bit further and you're going to see this
here under additional options it's going
to say retarget people who are saw or
engaged with your past posts so I'm
going to click on that and then you're
going to see we have the ability to
retarget people who saw your tweets or
people who saw and engage with your
tweets so this is what I meant by
retargeting based on impression which is
pretty remarkable so so you can have it
based on organic tweets or what you can
do is tweets from specific campaigns and
you can actually Target past campaigns
that you ran and then you can retarget
people who engage with those tweets
which is really cool for the sake of
retargeting I'm talking about anybody
that's engaging with your organic tweets
which is really cool in addition to that
I mentioned retargeting people that
followed your profile so you see this
little option here also Target followers
of @ silop PPC shout out to my Twitter
handle if you want to follow me I'm not
very active on Twitter but I highly
recommend following me on LinkedIn I
post there pretty consistently but you
can see now I can retarget folks that
are following me which is really cool
now for video viewers what you'd have to
do is you're going to have to switch
this from people who saw your tweets to
people who saw and engage with your
tweets and then under the engagement
type you're going to switch this to
video views so this is where you can do
going back to the article we can do
folks that uh watch 50 to 100% so we can
do anyone that watched half of the video
or anybody that watched the entire video
I do not recommend just the general
video views one it's it's not going to
be quality enough so at least them
watching half of the video or the whole
video is really the way to go especially
when you have small videos less than
15sec duration it's not really going to
make the the difference so we want to
engage viewers anywh who this is how you
would do it and that is it that's how
you build these different X retargeting
segments as you can see these are a
little bit hidden and buried so I hope
this was helpful for you to see how you
could do it and that is all for this
video if you found value from it then
you're definitely going to want to check
out the article in the description box
down below and the playlist that this
video is a part of where I'm showing you
how to build all these different
retargeting segments and this entire
multi- channel retargeting strategy
across meta YouTube LinkedIn Twitter and
I show you everything from setup all the
way to execution but anyways I'll see
you in the next one